TODO Reply to the editor :

Here i am attaching some datasets to try. This are the 4 new datasets
provided by the review.

https://cloud.biologie.ens.fr/index.php/s/fDSPFAWMXlB3Q4t

1. Composite cropped (Widefield)

This is a cropped 3 channel stack. The 3rd channel is in Magenta colormap.
In the final composite output would be good to have the 3rd channel in
Magenta colormap too. We use the third channel in the Magenta as reference
channel in this case.

2. DIC DNA Actin Tubes0009 - TRITCs (Widefield)

This is the 3rd channel of dataset 1. I am attaching one result with SML
(sum modified laplacian) as operator. (This you implemented earlier)

3. DIC DNA Actin Tubes0009 - Cy5.5 - Copy (Widefield)

This is the 1st channel of dataset 1. I am attaching the result with SML
for this one too.

4. SYTOXO488-1s (Confocal)

We can use MIP in this case which is the current version of the plugin

Let me know if you can access them. Also whenever you want we can discuss
on this or provide you the matlab code, or necessary results to compare.

--------------------------------

 1) Specifically: if we deal with a confocal image (as most of our images) the initial
 Zmap should be a maximum intensity projection, but if we deal with a wide field microscopy
 image then a SML is better adapted. So we would like to add another drop down menu to the
 plugin (above the "reference channel" that already existing for color image where the choice
 is "Confocal" or "Wide field" which will in the first case do what the plugin do currently
 and in the second case compute SML rather than an MIP at the beginning of the algorithm.

 2) the issue of color is that the third channel is pink but then in the composite image it
 becomes blue... I can sort of guess why but ideally we would provide the same output. Another
 (related) issue is the index color versus separate channel, if color type is 8bits indexed then
 the user should be warn to change it, for now I think an error is thrown

 Ok I see the point about the blue channel. You're talking about the output from the plugin that put
 the magenta as blue ? Ok this can easily fixed. My fault because I always fix the firs as red,the
 second as blue and the third as blue.

 Thanks Sreetama. Before you modify the github I think we have two other options that may be better.
 Elton could you please tell us if one of them is possible:
 1) If plugin is applied on such image pop up a windows saying that SME cannot be run on such a data type
 and it need to be converted to whatever is necessary.

 2) convert the image before automatically?

 Hi,

 Yeah I see why he is getting the error but again is color indexed image however it is not a standart composite
 color image and I don't get it how does it get it or does it try to test it if we clearly mention that the input
 must be either composite or monochromatic stack.

 You have to be very careful with ImageJ because under the hood is a mess and if you do not use standart data types
 strange things can happen and you don't realise it.

 Is the colour stack a standart microscopy image ?

 ------------------------------

 under the hood the image is an an Object ImagePlus of type 4

 define as :

 The COLOR_256 indicates an 8-bit image that has an associated look-up table: each pixel value does not represent an
 intensity, but rather it's associated with a color. The table of values versus colors is limited to 256, and hence
 these images may not look very well. For image processing, you should avoid COLOR_256 images (also known as "8-bit color"
 images). These images are meant for display in the web in ".gif" format, but have been superseeded by JPEG or PNG.
